Ok, so when I thought about this project I thought, "Wow, it's a very good idea." Basically, the goal was to give any YouTube video thumbnail, and then it will give all color components of that thumbnail, every color in that thumbnail. But after I made this, i thought it wasn't that good. I mean, it was fulfilling its objective to give me the colors in a thumbnail, but then I realized, what is the point of this if I am able to see the color components like what types of color are used in the thumbnail by using my eyes? But honestly it was a great experience to make this project. I have learned a lot about the request module and how to handle get requests, etc. So, in short what it basically does is first you upload your YouTube video URL to "http://127.0.0.1:8000/UploadUrl". Here, you will upload your YouTube video link. Then, using "return_yt_thumbnail_url.py" "get_img_url" function, it will give you the YouTube video's thumbnail image URL. Now, it can give you two types of URLs:- one is "hq720", and the other is "hqdefault". So, what is the difference between them? The "hq720" is an HD thumbnail with a resolution of 1280x720 pixels. YouTube thumbnail are usually shot in a 16:9 aspect ratio, and the "hq720" thumbnail maintains this aspect ratio. And a "hqdefault" is a smaller standard definition thumbnail with a resolution of 480x360 pixels. However, it maintains the original 16:9 aspect ratio of the video. To fit this into the smaller thumbnail size, black bars are added to the top and bottom, which I don't know why, and this black bar creates a problem. So, when you pass this thumbnail URL to "get_img_url", it will always give you two or three black squares, even if the image has minimum black color. It's because of that black strips on "hqdefault", and some thumbnails are not uploaded in "720" resolution. So, then I have to use the "hqdefault" thumbnail image. So, I hope so you get this. this project is not that complicated. If you look carefully and read the comments, you can understand the code. And in advance, I'm sorry for any grammatical or spelling mistakes in the comments. I hope so maybe it was helpful for you.
